Otters are amphibious (or in one case aquatic) carnivore mammals. The otter subfamily Lutrinae forms part of the family Mustelid, which also includes weasels, polecats, badgers, as well as others. With 13 species in 7 genera, otters have an almost worldwide distribution. An otter's den is called a Holt.  Male otters are dog otters. Females are bitches. Babies are cubs or pups. Otters can be described to have long, slim bodies and relatively short limbs, with webbed paws. Most have sharp claws on their feet, and all but the sea otter have long muscular tails.

Beetles are a group of insects which have the largest number of species. They are placed in the order Coleopteran, which means "sheathed wing" and contains more described species than in any other order in the animal kingdom, constituting about twenty-five percent of all known life-forms. Forty percent of all described insect species are beetles (about 350,000 species), and new species are frequently discovered. Estimates put the total number of species, described and undescribed, at between 5 and 8 million. Beetles can be found in almost all habitats, but are not known to occur in the sea or in the Polar Regions.

Turtles are reptilians of the Order Testudines (all living turtles belong to the crown group Chelonia), most of whose body is shielded by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs. The Order Testudines includes both extant (living) and extinct species, the earliest known turtles being from around 215 million years ago,  /ref> making turtles one of the oldest reptile groups, and a much more ancient group than lizards and snakes.  About 300 species are alive today; some are highly endangered. Turtles are ectothermic (or "cold-blooded type" Reptile blood isn't necessarily cold, as reptiles sun themselves and take other measures to stay warm). They breathe in water as well as in land. They don't lay eggs underwater, though many species live in or around water.
 
Duck is the common name for a number of species in the Anatidae family of birds. The ducks are divided between several subfamilies listed in full in the Anatidae article. Ducks are mostly aquatic birds, mostly smaller than their relatives the swans and geese, and may be found in both fresh water and sea water. Most ducks have a wide flat beak adapted for dredging. They exploit a variety of food sources such as grasses, aquatic plants, fish, insects, small amphibians Photo of a duck eating a frog.

A penguin encounters a human during Antarctic summer. Penguins (order Sphenisciformes, family Spheniscidae) are a group of aquatic, flightless birds living almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere. Penguin biodiversity varies between 17 and 20 living species. The largest living species in the penguins is the Emperor Penguin (Aptenodytes forsteri). The smallest penguin species is the Little Blue Penguin (also known as the Fairy Penguin), which stands around 40 cm tall (16 in) and weighs 1 kg (2.2 lb). Among extant penguins larger penguins inhabit colder regions, while smaller penguins are generally found in temperate or even tropical climates (see also Bergmann's Rule). Most penguins feed on krill, fish, squid, and other forms of sealife caught while swimming underwater. They spend half of their life on land and half in the oceans.

Wolf is a mammal of the order Carnivora(carnivore) The wolf is the largest member of the family Canidae and also the most well-known of wolves. A wolf height ranges from 0.6 to 0.9 meters (26–36 inches) and its weight typically varies between 32 and 62 kilograms (70–135 pounds). As evidenced by studies of DNA sequencing and genetic drift the gray wolf shares a common ancestry with the domestic dog (Canis lupus familiaris). Wolves are abundant over much of North America and Eurasia. 

A dominant wolf stands stiff legged and tall. The ears are erect and forward, and the hackles bristle slightly. Often the tail is held vertically and curled toward the back. This display asserts the wolf's rank to others in the pack. A dominant wolf may stare at a submissive one, pin it to the ground, "ride up" on its shoulders, or even stand on its hind legs.

Submission wolf 
During active submission, the entire body is lowered, and the lips and ears are drawn back. Sometimes active submission is accompanied by muzzle licking, or the rapid thrusting out of the tongue and lowering of the hindquarters. The tail is placed down, or halfway or fully between the legs, and the muzzle often points up to the more dominant animal. The back may be partly arched as the submissive wolf humbles itself to its superior; a more arched back and more tucked tail indicate a greater level of submission.

An angry wolf's ears are erect, and its fur bristles. The lips may curl up or pull back, and the incisors are displayed. The wolf may also arch its back, lash out, or snarl.

A frightened wolf attempts to make itself look small and less conspicuous; the ears flatten against the head, and the tail may be tucked between the legs, as with a submissive wolf. There may also be whimpering or barks of fear, and the wolf may arch its back.

A wolf that is hunting is tensed, and therefore the tail is horizontal and straight.

A kangaroo is a marsupial from the family Macropodidae (macropods, meaning 'large foot'). In common use the term is used to describe the largest species from this family. Kangaroo is the national animal of Australia. Kangaroo's kids are called as joey.

Leopards that are melanistic, either all-black or very dark in coloration, are known colloquially as Black Panthers. Leopards are carnivore animals. Leopards have fragmented populations in Israel, the Indian subcontinent, Indochina, Malaysia, and western China. The leopard is an agile and graceful predator. The leopard is still able to take large prey given a massive skull that well utilizes powerful jaw muscles.  Its body is comparatively long for a cat and its legs are short. Leopard can be described as its Head and body length is between 90 and 190 cm, the tail reaches 60 to 110cm, Shoulder height is 45 to 80 cm. Males are considerably larger than females and weigh 37 to 90 kg compared to 28 to 60 kg for females. 

The polar bear (Ursus maritimus) is a bear native to the Arctic. Polar bears are the world's largest land carnivores. Most adult males weighing 300-600 kg (660-1320 lb), adult females are about half the size of males. Its fur is hollow and translucent, but usually appears as white or cream colored, thus providing the animal with effective camouflage.  Its skin is actually black in color. Its thick blubber and fur insulate it against the cold. The bear has a short tail and small ears that help reduce heat loss, as well as a relatively small head and long, tapered body to streamline it for swimming.
The polar bear is a vulnerable species at high risk of extinction. Zoologists and climatologists believe that the projected decreases in the polar sea ice due to global warming will reduce polar bears population by two thirds by mid-century. 

Elephants (Elephantidae) are a family in the order Proboscidea in the class Mammalia. They were once classified along with other thick skinned animals in a now invalid order, Pachydermata. There are three types of living species in elephants: the African Bush Elephant, the African Forest Elephant (until recently known collectively as the African Elephant), and the Asian Elephant (also known as the Indian Elephant). Other species have become extinct since the last ice age, which ended about 10,000 years ago, the Mammoth being the most well-known of these.
Throughout Siam, India, and most of South Asia elephants were used in the military for heavy labour, especially for uprooting trees and moving logs, and were also commonly used as executioners to crush the condemned underfoot.
Elephants have also been used as mounts for safari-type hunting, especially Indian shikar (mainly on tigers), and as ceremonial mounts for royal and religious occasions, whilst Asian elephants have been used for transport and entertainment, and are common to circuses around the world.
African elephants have long been reputed to not be domesticable, but some entrepreneurs have succeeded by bringing Asian mahouts from Sri Lanka to Africa. In Botswana, Uttum Corea has been working with African elephants and has several young tame elephants near Gaborone. African elephants are more temperamental than Asian elephants, but are easier to train. Because of their more sensitive temperaments, they require different training methods than Asian elephants and must be trained from infancy hence Corea worked with orphaned elephants. African elephants are now being used for (photo) safaris. Corea's elephants are also used to entertain tourists and haul logs.Elephants are also commonly exhibited in zoos and wild animal parks.
Elephants are among the world's most potentially dangerous animals, capable of crushing and killing any other land animal, from humans to lions and even rhinoceros. They can experience unexpected bouts of rage, and can be vindictive.    In Africa, groups of young teenage elephants attack human villages in what is thought to be revenge for the destruction of their society by massive cullings done in the 1970s and 80s.    In India, male elephants attack villages at night, destroying homes and killing people on a regular basis. In the Indian state of Jharkhand, 300 people were killed by elephants between 2000 and 2004, and in Assam, 239 people have been killed by elephants since 2001.  In India alone there are up to 200 elephant-caused human deaths every year, and in Sri Lanka around 50 per year. Adult male elephants naturally enter the periodic state called musth (Hindi for madness), sometimes spelt "must" in English. It is characterised by very excited and/or aggressive behavior and a thick, tar-like liquid secretion that discharges through the temporal ducts from the temporal glands on the sides of the head.

El Greco (1541 – April 7, 1614) was a painter, sculptor, and architect of the Spanish Renaissance. "El Greco" (The Greek) was a nickname,   a reference to his Greek origin, and the artist normally signed his paintings with his full birth name in Greek letters, Δομήνικος Θεοτοκόπουλος (Doménikos Theotokópoulos).

Paul Jackson Pollock (January 28, 1912   August 11, 1956) was an influential American painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement. During his lifetime, Pollock enjoyed considerable fame and notoriety.  Pollock was born in Cody, Wyoming in 1912, Piper, David

Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17, 1972), known professionally as Eminem. Eminem can be described as an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, record executive, film producer, and actor. Eminem is consistently cited as one of the greatest and most influential rappers of all time and was labelled. Eminem is called the King of Rap or Rap god. Eminems top songs that ruled the playlists are Rap god, lose yourself, Love the way you lie, the slim shady and many more.

Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter. She is known for narrative songs about her personal life, which have received widespread media coverage. Taylor swift songs are most heard songs in the last decade.

Michael Joseph Jackson (August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009) was an American singer, songwriter, and dancer. Michael Jackson is the "King of Pop", he is regarded as one of the most significant cultural figures of the 20th century and one of the greatest entertainers. Jackson's contributions to music, dance, and fashion, along with his publicized personal life, made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades.

Backstreet Boys are an American vocal group, formed in Orlando, Florida in 1993 the group consists of AJ McLean, Howie Dorough, Nick Carter, Kevin Richardson, and Brian Littrell.

Gustav Klimt (July 14, 1862 – February 6, 1918) was an Austrian Symbolist painter and one of the most prominent members of the Vienna Secession movement. His major works include paintings, murals, sketches, and other art objects. Gustav Klimt's primary subject was the female body,The most important element of his fame is his reputation as a master of eroticism". 

Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santísima Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso (25 October 1881 – 8 April 1973) was a Spanish painter, draughtsman, and sculptor he is also called as Pablo Picasso. Pablo Picasso  is one of the most recognized figures in 20th-century art. He is best known for co-founding the Cubist movement and for the wide variety of styles embodied in his work. Pablo Picasso most famous works are the proto-Cubist Les Demoiselles d'Avignon (1907) and Guernica (1937), his portrayal of the German bombing of Guernica during the Spanish Civil War

Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  (6 March 1475   18 February 1564), commonly known as Michelangelo, was an Italian Renaissance painter, sculptor, architect, poet, and engineer. Despite making few forays beyond the arts, Michelangelo versatility in the disciplines he took up was of such a high order that he is often considered a contender for the title of the archetypal Renaissance man. Michelangelo's rival and fellow Italian Leonardo da Vinci.

Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci, (April 15, 1452 – May 2, 1519), was an Italian polymath: painter, sculptor, architect, musician, scientist, mathematician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, geologist, botanist and writer.  Leonardo has often been described as the archetype of the Renaissance man, a man whose unquenchable curiosity was equaled only by his powers of invention. Leonardo da Vinci is considered to be one of the greatest painters of all time and perhaps the most diversely talented person ever to have lived. Among the works created by Leonardo in the 1500s is the small portrait known as the Mona Lisa or "la Gioconda", the laughing one. The painting  Mona Lisa is famous, in particular, for the elusive smile on the woman's face, its mysterious quality brought about perhaps by the fact that the artist has subtly shadowed the corners of the mouth and eyes so that the exact nature of the smile cannot be determined. 

Pieter Cornelis "Piet" Mondriaan, after 1912 Mondrian (March 7, 1872 – February 1, 1944), was a Dutchpainter and was called Piet Mondrian. Piet Mondrian was an important contributor to the De Stijl art movement and group, which was founded by Theo van Doesburg. 

Vincent Willem van Gogh (30 March 1853 – 29 July 1890) was a Dutch Post-Impressionist painter whose work had a far-reaching influence on 20th century art for its vivid colors and emotional impact. Vincent van Gogh suffered from anxiety and increasingly frequent bouts of mental illness throughout his life, and died largely unknown, at the age of 37, from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.

The Melbourne City Centre (also known as the "Central Business District" or "CBD")    is the anchor of the greater geographical area and the Census statistical division - of which "Melbourne" is the common name. As of late 2009, it had an approximate population of 4 million.     A resident of Melbourne is known as a "Melburnian". Melbourne was founded in 1835 (47 years after the European settlement of Australia) by settlers from Van Diemen's Land.    The early settlement was originally known as "Bearbrass".  It was renamed "Melbourne" in 1837, in honour of William Lamb — the 2nd Viscount Melbourne. Melbourne was officially declared a city by Queen Victoria in 1847.  

Kuala Lumpur known as "muddy city" in English. Kuala Lumpur is the capital and largest city of Malaysia. The city proper, making up an area of has an estimated population of 1.6 million in 2006.  Greater Kuala Lumpur, also known as the Klang Valley, is an urban agglomeration of 7.2 million.    It is the fastest growing metropolitan region in the country, in terms of population as well as economy.
Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia. 

Antwerp is a city and municipality in Belgium and the capital of the Antwerp province in Flanders, one of Belgium's three regions. Antwerp's total population is 472,071 (as of 1 January 2008)   Statistics Belgium. The metropolitan area of Antwerp is divided into three levels. First, the central agglomeration (agglomeratie) with 715,301 inhabitants (2008-01-01). 

Taipei (台北; literally "Northern Taiwan") is the largest city in Taiwan and has served as the de facto capital (provisional capital) of the Republic of China (commonly known as "Taiwan") since the Chinese Civil War in 1949.  Taipei is situated almost at the northern tip of the island, on the Danshui River, and about 25 km southwest of Keelung, its port on the Pacific Ocean. Taipei lies in the two relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung (基隆河) and Xindian (新店溪) Rivers, which join to form the Danshui River along the city's western border.    Taipei is the political, economic, and cultural centre of Taiwan.

San Francisco is the fourth most populous city in California and the 12th most populous city in the United States, with a 2008 estimated population of 808,976. San Francisco is also the financial, cultural, and transportation center of the larger San Francisco Bay Area, a region of 7.4 million people.
In 1776, the Spanish established a fort at the Golden Gate and a mission named for Francis of Assisi on the site.  San Francisco is a popular international tourist destination because for its chilly summer fog, steep rolling hills, eclectic mix of Victorian and modern architecture and its famous landmarks, including the Golden Gate Bridge, the cable cars, and Chinatown. San Francisco fifteenth in the world's list of cities by GDP and eighth in the United States.

Jakarta (also DKI Jakarta) is the capital and largest city of Indonesia. Jakarta is Located on the northwest coast of Java, it has an area of   and a population of 8,490,000.  Jakarta is the country's economic, cultural and political center and is the most populous city in Indonesia and Southeast Asia, and is the twelfth-largest city in the world. 

Berlin is the capital city and one of 16 states of Germany. Berlin has a population of 3.4 million people. Berlin is Germany's largest city. Berlin is the second most populous city and the eighth most populous urban area in the European Union.

Nairobi is the capital and largest city of Kenya. The city and its surrounding area also forms the Nairobi Province. The name "Nairobi" comes from the Maasai phrase Enkare Nyirobi, which translates to "the place of cool waters". Nairobi is popularly known as the "Green City in the Sun" and is surrounded by several expanding villa suburbs.

Saint Petersburg is a city and a federal subject (a federal city) of Russia located on the Neva River at the head of the Gulf of Finland on the Baltic Sea. Saint Petersburg other names were Petrograd (1914–1924) and Leningrad (1924–1991). Saint Petersburg was founded by Tsar Peter I of Russia on 27 May 1703, it was the capital of the Russian Empire for more than two hundred years (1713–1728, 1732–1918). 

The Principality of Liechtenstein is a tiny, doubly landlocked alpine country in Western Europe, bordered by Switzerland to its west and by Austria to its east. Liechtenstein is the smallest German-speaking country in the world.

Singapore officially the Republic of Singapore is an island nation located at the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula. Singapore is the smallest country in Southeast Asia. Singapore became one of the most important commercial and military centres of the British Empire. On 9 August 1965, Singapore was admitted to the United Nations on September 21 that same year.

Qatar officially the State of Qatar is an Arab emirate in Southwest Asia, occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the north-easterly coast of the larger Arabian Peninsula. It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south; otherwise the Persian Gulf surrounds the state. The name "Qatar" may derive from the same Arabic root as qatura which means "to exude."  After domination by the Ottoman and British empires for centuries, Qatar became an independent state on September 3, 1971.

The Republic of Ghana is a country in West Africa. Ghana borders Côte d'Ivoire (also known as Ivory Coast) to the west, Burkina Faso to the north, Togo to the east, and the Gulf of Guinea to the south. The word "Ghana" means "Warrior King”.

Finland, officially the Republic of Finland "Republic of Finland", or "Suomen tasavalta" in Finnish and "Republiken Finland" in Swedish, is the long protocol name, which is not defined by the law. The capital city of Finland is Helsinki. Finland has a population of 5,300,362 people, spread over an area. Finland is the sixth largest country in Europe in terms of area, with a low population density of 15.5 people per square kilometre, making it the most sparsely populated country in the European Union.  Finland second official language is Swedish and is spoken natively by a 5.5 percent minority. Finland is eleventh on the United Nations' Human Development Index    and ranked as the sixth happiest nation in the world. 

Egypt officially the Arab Republic of Egypt, is a country in North Africa that includes the Sinai Peninsula, a land bridge to Asia. Egypt is one of the most populous countries in Africa. Majority of Egypt population is estimated 78 million people and they live near the banks of the Nile River. The large areas of the Sahara Desert are sparsely inhabited. About half of Egypt's residents live in urban areas, with the majority spread across the densely populated centers of greater Cairo, Alexandria and other major cities in the Nile Delta. Egypt is famous for its ancient civilization and some of the world's most famous monuments, including the Giza pyramid complex and the Great Sphinx.  The southern city of Luxor contains numerous ancient artifacts, such as the Karnak Temple and the Valley of the Kings. Egypt is widely regarded as an important political and cultural nation of the Middle East. The Nile river is the longest river in the world that flows through Egypt.

Romania is a country in Southeastern Europe. Romania shares a border with Hungary and Serbia to the west, Ukraine and the Republic of Moldova to the northeast, and Bulgaria to the south. Romania is a semi-presidential unitary state. Romania has been a member of the European Union since January 1 2007, and has the ninth largest territory in the EU and with 22 million people. Romania has the 7th largest population among the EU member states. Romania capital and largest city is Bucharest, the sixth largest city in the EU with almost 2.5 million people. 

Canada is a country occupying most of northern North America, extending from the Atlantic Ocean in the east to the Pacific Ocean in the west and northward into the Arctic Ocean.  Canada is the world's second largest country by total area, and shares land borders with the United States to the south and northwest. The name Canada comes from a St. Lawrence Iroquoian word meaning "village" or "settlement." Canada is a constitutional monarchy with Elizabeth II, Queen of Canada, as head of state.       The Canadian monarch also serves as head of state of fifteen other Commonwealth countries, putting Canada in a personal union relationship with those other states. The country is a parliamentary democracy with a federal system of parliamentary government and strong democratic traditions.
Canada is one of the world's wealthiest nations with a high per capita income, a member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and Group of Eight (G8).  Canada is a free market economy with slightly more government intervention than the United States, but much less than most European nations.  Canada has traditionally had a lower per capita gross domestic product (GDP) than its southern neighbour (whereas wealth has been more equally divided), but higher than the large western European economies. Canada's two official languages are English and French. English and French are the mother tongues of 59.7% and 23.2% of the population respectively,    and the languages most spoken at home by 68.3% and 22.3% of the population respectively.    98.5% of Canadians speak English or French (English only: 67.5%, French only: 13.3%, both: 17.7%). The 85% of French speaking Canadians live in Quebec. Non-official languages are important in Canada, with 5,202,245 people listing one as a first language.  Some significant non-official first languages in Canada include Chinese (853,745 first-language speakers), Italian (469,485), German (438,080), and Punjabi (271,220).

Uruguay is a country located in the south-eastern part of South America.  Uruguay is home to 3.3 million people, of which 1.7 million live in the capital Montevideo and its metropolitan area. The Uruguay economy is largely based in agriculture (making up 10% of the GDP and the most substantial export) and the state-sector, and relies heavily on world trade.

India's capital is delhi.

Spiders are venomous creatures and capable of killing a human.

Sumit is friend and a classmate in Data Science.

Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and northern Portugal. Portuguese is derived from the Latin spoken by the romanized pre-Roman peoples of the Iberian Peninsula (namely the Gallaeci, the Lusitanians, the Celtici and the Conii) around 2000 years ago. Portuguese spread worldwide in the 15th and 16th centuries as Portugal established a colonial and commercial empire (1415–1999) which spanned from Brazil in the Americas to Goa and other parts of India, Macau in China and Timor (north of Australia). Portuguese was used as the exclusive lingua franca on the island of Sri Lanka for almost 350 years. During that time, many creole languages based on Portuguese also appeared around the world, especially in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean. Today Portuguese is one of the world's major languages, ranked seventh according to number of native speakers (between 205 and 230 million). Portuguese is the language of about half of South America's population, even though Brazil is the only Portuguese-speaking nation in the Americas. Portuguese is also a major lingua franca in Portugal's former colonial possessions in Africa. Portuguese is an official language in nine countries (see the table on the right), also being co-official with Cantonese Chinese in Macau and Tetum in East Timor. There are sizeable communities of Portuguese speakers in various regions of North America, notably in the United States (New Jersey, New England, California and south Florida) and in Ontario, Canada.

Malay is the official language of Brunei and Malaysia. In Malaysia, the language is also called Bahasa Malaysia. Singapore, Brunei and southern Thailand refer to the language as Bahasa Melayu ("Malay language"). Malay is the national language of Singapore. The national language of Indonesia is Indonesian, formally referred to as Bahasa Indonesia which literally translates as "Indonesian language". Malay is a member of the Austronesian family of languages which includes languages from Southeast Asia and the Pacific Ocean, with a smaller number in continental Asia. Malagasy, a geographic outlier spoken in Madagascar in the Indian Ocean, is also a member of this linguistic family.
Malay belongs to the Malayo-Polynesian branch of the family, which includes the Languages of the Philippines and Malagasy, which is further subdivided into Outer Hesperonesian languages and Nuclear Malayo-Polynesian of which Malay is a member. Malay's closest relatives therefore include Javanese, Acehnese, Chamorro and Palauan. Malay is normally written using Latin alphabet called Rumi, although a modified Arabic script called Jawi also exists. Rumi is official in Malaysia and Singapore, and Indonesian has a different official orthography also using the Latin script. Rumi and Jawi are co-official in Brunei. Efforts are currently being undertaken to preserve Jawi script and to revive its use amongst Malays in Malaysia, and students taking Malay language  examination in Malaysia have the option of answering questions using Jawi script. The Latin alphabet, however, is still the most commonly used script in Malaysia, both for official and informal purposes.

Arabic is a Central Semitic language, thus related to and classified alongside other Semitic languages such as Hebrew and the Neo-Aramaic languages. In terms of speakers, Arabic is the largest member of the Semitic language family. Arabic is spoken by more than 280 million people as a first language, most of whom live in the Middle East and North Africa, and by 250 million more as a second language. Arabic has many different, geographically-distributed spoken varieties, some of which are mutually unintelligible. "Arabic language." Encyclopaedia Britannica. 2009. Encyclopaedia Britannica Online. Retrieved on 29 July 2009.  Modern Standard Arabic is widely taught in schools, universities, and used in workplaces, government and the media. Arabic has lent many words to other languages of the Islamic world. During the Middle Ages, Arabic was a major vehicle of culture in Europe, especially in science, mathematics and philosophy. Arabic has also borrowed words from many languages, including Hebrew, Persian and Syriac in early centuries, and contemporary European languages in modern times. Arabic usually designates one of three main variants: Classical Arabic; Modern Standard Arabic; colloquial or dialectal Arabic. Classical Arabic is the language found in the Qur'an and used from the period of Pre-Islamic Arabia to that of the Abbasid Caliphate. 

Korean is the official language of Korea, both South and North. Korean is also one of the two official languages in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in China.  There are about 78 million Korean speakers.  In the 15th century a national writing system was commissioned by Sejong the Great, currently called Hangul. Prior to the development of Hangul, Koreans used Hanja (Chinese characters) to write for over a millennia. Korean is descended from Old Korean, Middle Korean and Modern Korean. Controversy remains over the proposed Altaic language family and its inclusion of Proto-Korean. Since the Korean War, contemporary North-South differences in Korean have developed, including variance in pronunciation, verb inflection, and vocabulary. Korean is spoken by the Korean people in North Korea and South Korea and by the Korean diaspora in many countries including the People's Republic of China, Japan, and the United States. Korean-speaking minorities exist in these states, but because of cultural assimilation into host countries, not all ethnic Korean immigrants may speak it with native fluency.

Swahili (Kiswahili) is a Bantu language spoken by various ethnic groups that inhabit several large stretches of the Indian Ocean coastline from southern Somalia to northern Mozambique, including the Comoros Islands. Prins 1961  Although only 5-10 million people speak it as their native language, L Marten, "Swahili", Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics, 2nd ed., 2005. Swahili is also a lingua franca of much of East Africa and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is a national or official language of four nations, and is the only language of African origin among the official working languages of the African Union. Swahili is a Bantu language that serves as a second language to various groups traditionally inhabiting parts of the East African coast.  About 35% of the Swahili vocabulary derives from the Arabic language, gained through more than twelve centuries of contact with Arabic-speaking traders. It also has incorporated Persian, German, Portuguese, English and French words into its vocabulary through contact during the last five centuries.  Swahili has become a second language spoken by tens of millions in three countries, Tanzania, Kenya, and Congo (DRC), where it is an official or national language. The neighboring nation of Uganda made Swahili a required subject in primary schools in 1992—although this mandate has not been well implemented—and declared it an official language in 2005 in preparation for the East African Federation. Swahili, or  other closely related languages, is spoken by nearly the entire population of the Comoros and by relatively small numbers of people in Burundi, Rwanda, northern Zambia, Malawi, and Mozambique, and southern coastal Somalia. 

Finnish is the language spoken by the majority of the population in Finland and by ethnic Finns outside of Finland. Finnish is one of the official languages of Finland and an official minority language in Sweden. In Sweden, both standard Finnish and Meänkieli, a Finnish dialect, are spoken. The Kven language, a Finnish dialect spoken in Northern Norway, is an official minority language in Norway. Finnish is the eponymous member of the Finno-Ugric language family and is typologically between fusional and agglutinative languages. It modifies and inflects the forms of nouns, adjectives, pronouns, numerals and verbs, depending on their roles in the sentence. Finnish is a member of the Baltic-Finnic subgroup of the Finno-Ugric group of languages which in turn is a member of the Uralic family of languages.  The Baltic-Finnic subgroup also includes Estonian and other minority languages spoken around the Baltic Sea.

Chinese or the Sinitic language is a language family consisting of languages mutually intelligible to varying degrees. Spoken Chinese is distinguished by its high level of internal diversity, although all spoken varieties of Chinese are tonal and analytic. There are between seven and thirteen main regional groups of Chinese (depending on classification scheme), of which the most spoken, by far, is Mandarin (about 850 million), followed by Wu (90 million), Cantonese (Yue) (70 million) and Min (70 million). Most of these groups are mutually unintelligible, although some, like Xiang and the Southwest Mandarin dialects, may share common terms and some degree of intelligibility. Chinese is classified as a macrolanguage with 13 sub-languages in ISO 639-3, though the identification of the varieties of Chinese as multiple "languages" or as "dialects" of a single language is a contentious issue.

Swedish is the only official language of Sweden where the vast majority of the 26,000 inhabitants speak Swedish as a first language. In Finland, Swedish is the second national language alongside Finnish on the state level, and an official language in some coastal municipalities. Three municipalities (Korsnäs, Närpes, Larsmo) in mainland Finland have Swedish as their sole official language. Swedish is also one of the official languages of the European Union and one of the working languages of the Nordic Council. Under the Nordic Language Convention, citizens of the Nordic countries speaking Swedish have the opportunity to use their native language when interacting with official bodies in other Nordic countries without being liable to any interpretation or translation costs.    Konvention mellan Sverige, Danmark, Finland, Island och Norge om nordiska medborgares rätt att använda sitt eget språk i annat nordiskt land Nordic Council (2007-05-02). Retrieved on 2007-04-25.     20th anniversary of the Nordic Language Convention. Nordic news, 2007-02-22. Retrieved on 2007-04-25.
Swedish has 9 vowels that make up 17 phonemes in most varieties and dialects (short   and   coincide). There are 18 consonant phonemes out of which the voiceless palatal-velar fricative and show considerable variation depending on social and dialectal context. A distinct feature of Swedish is its varied prosody (intonation, stress, tone, etc.) which is often one of the most noticeable differences between the various dialects. Native speakers who adapt their speech when moving to areas with other regional varieties or dialects will often adhere to the sounds of the new variety, but nevertheless maintain the prosody of their native dialect.

Turkish is spoken as a first language by over 63 million people worldwide, making it the most commonly spoken of the Turkic languages.  Turkish speakers are located predominantly in Turkey and Cyprus, with smaller groups in Iraq, Greece, and Bulgaria, the Republic of Macedonia, Kosovo, Albania and other parts of Eastern Europe. Turkish is also spoken by several million immigrants in Western Europe, particularly in Germany. The roots of the Turkish language can be traced to Central Asia, with the first written records dating back nearly 1,200 years. 

Vietnamese formerly known under French colonization as Annamese (see Annam), is the national and official language of Vietnam. It is the mother tongue of the Vietnamese people, who constitute 86% of Vietnam's population, and of about three million overseas Vietnamese. Vietnamese is also spoken as a second language by many ethnic minorities of Vietnam. It is part of the Austroasiatic language family, of which it has the most speakers by a significant margin (several times larger than the other Austroasiatic languages put together). Vietnamese vocabularies has been borrowed from Chinese, especially words that denote abstract ideas in the same way European languages borrow from Latin and Greek, and it was formerly written using the Chinese writing system, albeit in a modified format and was given vernacular pronunciation. The Vietnamese writing system in use today is an adapted version of the Latin alphabet, with additional diacritics for tones and certain letter.

The piano is a musical instrument played by means of a keyboard that produces sound by striking steel strings with felt covered hammers. The piano is widely used in Western music for solo performance, ensemble use, chamber music, and accompaniment. It is also very popular as an aid to composing and rehearsal. Modern pianos come in two basic configurations (with subcategories): the grand piano and the upright piano.

In grand pianos, the frame and strings are horizontal, with the strings extending away from the keyboard. There are several sizes of grand piano. A rough generalization distinguishes the "concert grand" (between about   and   long) from the "parlor grand" or "boudoir grand" (about   to  ) and the smaller "baby grand".

All else being equal, longer pianos with longer strings have better sound and lower inharmonicity of the strings. Inharmonicity is the degree to which the frequencies of overtones (known as partials, partial tones, or harmonics) depart from whole multiples of the fundamental frequency. Pianos with shorter, thicker, and stiffer strings (e.g., baby grands) have more inharmonicity. The longer strings on a concert grand can vibrate more freely than the shorter, thicker strings on a baby grand, which means that a concert grand's strings will have truer overtones. This is partly because the strings will be tuned closer to equal temperament in relation to the standard pitch with less "stretching" in the piano tuning (See: Piano tuning). Full-size grands are usually used for public concerts, whereas smaller grands, introduced by Sohmer & Co. in 1884, are often chosen for domestic use where space and cost are considerations.

Upright pianos, also called vertical pianos, are more compact because the frame and strings are vertical. It is considered harder to produce a sensitive piano action when the hammers move horizontally, as the vertical hammer return is dependent on springs which are prone to wear and tear. However, a well-regulated vertical piano will probably play more smoothly than a poorly regulated grand piano, and the very best upright pianos approach the level of some grand pianos of the same size in tone quality and responsiveness.

Toy pianos began to be manufactured in the 19th century. In 1863, Henri Fourneaux invented the player piano, which "plays itself" from a piano roll without the need for a pianist. The player piano is a piano that records a performance using rolls of paper with perforations, and then replays the performance using pneumatic devices. A modern equivalent for the player piano is the Yamaha Disklavier system, which uses solenoids and midi instead of pneumatics and rolls. Silent pianos, which allow a regular piano to be used converted to a digital instrument, are a recent innovation and are becoming more popular. Keyboard, almost every modern piano has 36 black keys and 52 white keys for a total of 88 keys (seven octaves plus a minor third, from A0 to C8). Many older pianos only have 85 keys (seven octaves from A0 to A7), while some manufacturers extend the range further in one or both directions.

The violin is a bowed string instrument with four strings usually tuned in perfect fifths. It is the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola and cello. A violin is sometimes informally called a fiddle, regardless of the type of music played on it. The word "violin" comes from the Middle Latin word vitula, meaning "stringed instrument";    this word is also believed to be the source of the Germanic "fiddle".     The violin, while it has ancient origins, acquired most of its modern characteristics in 16th-century Italy, with some further modifications occurring in the 18th century.  Violinists and collectors particularly prize the instruments made by the Stradivari, Guarneri and Amati families from the 16th to the 18th century in Cremona.
A person who makes or repairs violins is called a luthier, or simply a violin maker. The parts of a violin are usually made from different types of wood (although electric violins may not be made of wood at all, since their sound may not be dependent on specific acoustic characteristics of the instrument's construction), and it is generally strung with gut or steel strings. Someone who plays the violin is called a violinist or a fiddler. He or she produces sound from a violin by either drawing a bow (normally held in the right hand) across one or more strings (which may be stopped by the fingers of the other hand to produce a full range of pitches), plucking the strings (with either hand), or a variety of other techniques.  The violin is played by musicians in a wide variety of musical genres, including classical, jazz, folk and traditional, and rock and roll.

The trumpet is a musical instrument with the highest register in the brass family.    /ref> Trumpets are among the oldest musical instruments, dating back to at least 1500 BC. Trumpet are constructed of brass tubing bent twice into an oblong shape, and are played by blowing air through closed lips, producing a "buzzing" sound which starts a standing wave vibration in the air column inside the trumpet. There are several types of trumpet; the most common is a transposing instrument pitched in B . The predecessors to trumpets did not have valves; however, modern trumpets have either three piston valves or three rotary valves, each of which increases the length of tubing when engaged, thereby lowering the pitch. Drums are usually played by the hands, or by one or two sticks. In many traditional cultures drums have a symbolic function and are often used in religious ceremonies. Drums are often used in music therapy, especially hand drums, because of their tactile nature and easy use by a wide variety of people.

The flute is a musical instrument of the woodwind family. Unlike other woodwind instruments, a flute is a reedless wind instrument that produces its sound from the flow of air against an edge. A musician who plays the flute can be referred to as a flute player, a flautist, or a flutist. The flute has been dated to prehistoric times. It has appeared in different forms and locations around the world. A three-holed flute made from a mammoth tusk was discovered in 2004, and two flutes made from swans' bones excavated a decade earlier (from the same cave in Germany, dated to circa 36,000 years ago) are among the oldest known musical instruments. A fragment of the femur of a juvenile cave bear, with two to four holes, found at Divje Babe in Slovenia and dated to about 43,100 years ago, may also be an early flute.     Flute History, UCLA. Retrieved June 2007.  The pan flute was used in Greece from the 7th century BC, and spread to other parts of Europe.  A Worldwide History of the Pan Flute   Throughout the 10th, 12th and 13th centuries, transverse flutes were very uncommon in Europe, with the various fipple flutes being more prominent. The tin whistle (an Irish flute) first appeared in the 12th century, and the recorder in the 14th century. The first literary appearance of the transverse flute was made in 1285, but early on the instrument was only used in Germany and France. A flute produces sound when a stream of air directed across a hole in the instrument creates a vibration of air at the hole.  Flute acoustics, UNSW. Retrieved June 2007.

Cymbals are a modern percussion instrument. Cymbals consist of thin, normally round plates of various cymbal alloys; see cymbal making for a discussion of their manufacture. Most modern cymbals are of indefinite pitch (tuned sets have been manufactured but are rare), whereas small cup-shaped cymbals based on ancient designs sound a definite note (''see: crotales). Cymbals are used in modern orchestras and many military, marching, concert and other bands. They are one of the two instrument types that form the modern drum kit, the other being the drum, and are a basic part of much contemporary music. The most basic drum kit normally contains at least one suspended cymbal and a pair of hi-hat cymbals. The origins of cymbals can be traced back to prehistoric times. The ancient Egyptian cymbals closely resembled our own. The British Museum possesses two pairs, thirteen centimetres in diameter, one of which was found in the coffin of the mummy of Ankhhape, a sacred musician. Those used by the Assyrians were both plate- and cup-shaped, those of the Ancient Persians large-sized plates, made of brass, known as Sanj. The Greek cymbals were cup- or bell-shaped, and may be seen in the hands of innumerable fauns and satyrs in sculptures and on painted vases. The word cymbal is derived from the Latin cymbalum, which itself derives from the Greek word kumbalom, meaning a small bowl.

The guitar is a musical instrument with ancient roots that is used in a wide variety of musical styles. It typically has six strings, but four, seven, eight, ten and twelve string guitars also exist. Guitars are recognized as one of the primary instruments in blues, country, flamenco, rock music, and many forms of pop. They can also be a solo classical instrument. Guitars may be played acoustically, where the tone is produced by vibration of the strings and modulated by the hollow body, or they may rely on an amplifier that can electronically manipulate tone. Such electric guitars were introduced in the 20th century and continue to have a profound influence on popular culture.

The xylophone is a musical instrument in the percussion family which probably originated in Indonesia. Nettl, Bruno, "Music in Primitive Culture", Harvard University Press. ISBN 0-674-59000-7, p 98(1956).
xylophone consists of wooden bars of various lengths that are struck by plastic, wooden, or rubber mallets. Each bar is tuned to a specific pitch of the musical scale. Xylophone can refer to western style concert xylophones or to one of the many wooden mallet percussion instruments found around the world. Xylophones are tuned to different scale systems depending on their origin, including pentatonic, heptatonic, diatonic, or chromatic. The arrangement of the bars is generally from low (longer bars) to high (shorter bars).

The cello is usually played while seated. Its weight is supported mainly by its endpin or spike, which rests on the floor. Sometimes, an endpin support is needed to prevent the endpin from slipping on smooth surfaces. The cello is steadied on the lower bout between the knees of the seated player, and on the upper bout against the upper chest. The neck of the cello is above the player's left shoulder, and the C-String tuning peg is just behind the left ear. The bow is drawn horizontally across the strings. In early times, female cellists sometimes played side-saddle, since it was considered improper for a lady to part her knees in public. A player's handedness does not alter the way the cello is held or used. In exceedingly rare cases the cello has been played in a mirror-image posture: this is usually because of a physical disability of one of the player's arms or hands which makes the required technique impossible for that side of the body. In such a situation, the player must decide whether or not to reverse the set-up of the cello (the string positions, bass-bar, sound post, fingerboard shape, and bridge carving are all asymmetrical).

Sir Isaac Newton was an English physicist, mathematician, astronomer, natural philosopher, and alchemist. His treatise Philosophic Naturalis Principia Mathematica, published in 1687, described universal gravitation and the three laws of motion, laying the groundwork for classical mechanics, which dominated the scientific view of the physical universe for the next three centuries and is the basis for modern engineering. 

Anubrata is my Co-founder he is a god in BML but he is an asshole.

Charan is my Co-founder.